Helm: Clean up default rollout strategies (#3029)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Support autoscaling/v2 HorizontalPodAutoscaler for nginx autoscaling. This is used when deploying on Kubernetes >= 1.25. #2848
* [ENHANCEMENT] Monitoring: Add additional flags to conditionally enable log / metric scraping. #2936
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add podAntiAffinity to sizing plans (small.yaml, large.yaml, capped-small.yaml, capped-large.yaml). #2906

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Clean up default rollout strategies. Now distributor, overrides_exporter, querier, query_frontend, admin_api, gateway, and graphite components rollout with a single replica when without downtime. #3029

Reviewer: needs rebase

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Clean up default rollout strategies. Now distributor, overrides_exporter, querier, query_frontend, admin_api, gateway, and graphite components rollout with a single replica when without downtime. #3029

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Improve default rollout strategies. Now distributor, overrides_exporter, querier, query_frontend, admin_api, gateway, and graphite components can be upgraded more quickly and also can be rolled out with a single replica without downtime. #3029
```
